1.  Name the zero phase of Free and Opensource Maturity?
*a.  Bell Labs and Unix Development
b.  Implementing the Unix Operating System
c.  Unix Users, Application Development, and Licensing
d.  Opensource Licensing

1.  Name the first phase of Free and Opensource Maturity?
a.  Bell Labs and Unix Development
*b.  Implementing the Unix Operating System
c.  Unix Users, Application Development, and Licensing
d.  Opensource Licensing

1.  Name the second phase of Free and Opensource Maturity?  
a)  Bell Labs and Unix Development
b)  Implementing the Unix Operating System
*c)  Unix Users, Application Development, and Licensing
d)  Opensource Licensing

1.  Name the third phase of Free and Opensource Maturity?
a)  Bell Labs and Unix Development
b)  Implementing the Unix Operating System
c)  Unix Users, Application Development, and Licensing
*d)  Opensource Licensing

1.  Name the fourth phase of Free and Opensource Maturity?
a)  Unix Users, Application Development, and Licensing
b)  Opensource Licensing
*c)  The Rise of Enterprise Linux
d)  Hard Changes to the Nature of Linux

1.  Name the fifth phase of Free and Opensource Maturity?
a)  Unix Users, Application Development, and Licensing
b)  Opensource Licensing
c)  The Rise of Enterprise Linux
*d)  Hard Changes to the Nature of Linux

1.  Name the sixth phase of Free and Opensource Maturity?
a)  Unix Users, Application Development, and Licensing
b)  Opensource Licensing
c)  The Rise of Enterprise Linux
*d)  Opensource is not a business model

1.  Name the founder of the GNU project
a)  Ken Thompson
b)  Dennis Ritchie
c)  MIT
*d)  Richard Stallman

1.  Name the founder of the Free Software Foundation
a)  Linus Torvalds
b)  Dennis Ritchie
c)  Eric S. Raymond
*d)  Richard Stallman

1.  Name the creator of the Linux Kernel
a)  Ken Thompson
*b)  Linus Torvalds
c)  Brian Kernighan
d)  Richard Stallman

1.  Name the co-founders of the Opensource Initiative
a)  Ken Thompson and Dennis Ritchie
b)  Dennis Ritchie and Brian Kernighan
c)  Linus Torvalds and Richard Stallman
*d)  Eric S. Raymond and Bruce Perens

1.  What are the three parts of an operating system?
a)  kernel, GUI, and compilers
*b)  kernel, compilers tools, user tools and applications
c)  kernel, user tools, and applications
d)  kernel, code, Firefox

1.  Name the three main design principles Ken Thompson had for UNIX
*a)  Everything is a file, Unix is portable, I/O is redirectable between small executables
b)  Everything is a file, Unix not portable, I/O is not redirectable between small executables
c)  Everything is a file, Unix is free, Unix is a kernel
d)  Unix is opensource, Unix is file based, Unix is all text

1.  What was the name of the programming language created by Dennis Ritchie and used to program Unix?
a)  Rust
b)  B
*c)  C
d)  c++

1.  What is the name of the main FSF Copyleft license?
a)  GPA
*b)  GPL
c)  AGPL
d)  Apache

1.  Select the one opensource license from the list
a)  GPL
*b)  MPLv2
c)  GPLv2
d)  BSL

1.  Name the two major Linux families discussed in this chapter
a)  Red Hat and Ubuntu
b)  Red Hat and Suse
*c)  Red Hat and Debian
d)  Debian and Ubuntu

1.  Name the oldest not corporate backed, Linux distro discussed in this chapter
a)  Suse
b)  Red Hat
c)  Ubuntu
*d)  Debian

1.  Which concept came first as a foundation: Free Software or Opensource software
*a)  Free Software Foundation
b)  Opensource Initiative
c)  GNU
d)  Linux Foundation

1.  What is the name of the organization that houses the Linux Kernel source code?
a)  Free Software Foundation
b)  Red Hat
c)  OSI
*d)  Linux Foundation

1.  What change did Lennart Poettering bring to Linux in 2015?
a)  He created the Wayland compositor
b)  He created Debian Linux
c)  He created the Windows Subsystem for Linux
*d)  He crated the systemd init system

1.  What is the license that Hashicorp has switched their licenses over to?
a)  MPL
*b)  BSL
c)  GPL
d)  AGPL

1.  What is the name of the joint foundation created by Oracle, SuSE, and Rocky Linux
a)  Linux Foundation
b)  OpenTF
*c)  OpenELA
d)  RHEL
